den of thieves is the 50 cent produced
movie that has one of the wackiest
endings of the year so far and just
because of that alone in my opinion
makes it a solid rensen let me explain
we start off in LA which is known as the
robbery capital of the world so much so
that they even got a stat in the
beginning of the movie that says that
three banks get robbed a day so of
course we begin by seeing a couple of
dudes commit a robbery they hijack an
armored truck chatter Bob from
eight-mile if you remember him continues
to be trigger-happy and he accidentally
shoots one of the cops and thus they end
up killing all of them before they
dipped the next day Gerard Butler and
his crew roll up and they noticed that
these dudes stole an empty truck that
didn't have any money in it but they
also realized that they're connected to
a series of other high-profile thefts we
get the lowdown on the thieves who are
made up of Vin Diesel 2.0 a bunch of
Samoans to make up for the rock Ice Cube
jr. and 57 playing 50 cents now here's
the thing they keep setting up that
these cops are way worse than the
criminals all the trailers were about
how they're a gang of their own but they
jack most of them just stand around and
it's really Gerard Butler who fouls it
up to 11 who for whatever reason was
doing his best drunk Russell Crowe
impression I think they tried her a
little too hard trying to make this dude
come off as you know like a tough guy to
the point that he's eating Donuts off
dead bodies he's randomly telling other
men he wants to have sexual intercourse
with them just to make them feel
uncomfortable
in other words never go full Butler
Gerard finds O'Shea's character working
at a bar that seems to be a neutral
ground for criminals and officials like
some sort of John wick pup but as soon
as he's off his shift the cops tase
kidnap and interrogate O'Shea to figure
out what's up
but O'Shea tells him nothing since he
says that the dudes came up to him and
he's pretty much just a pawn in their
game the movie reminds you again how
messed up Butler's character is when he
comes home drunk and his wife calls him
out because he accidentally accidentally
sent her the text that was meant for the
stripper Oh Hewlett he gets a divorce we
then find out that the main plan
Merriman has is to rob the one place
that has never been robbed the Federal
Reserve the idea is to take all of the
wasted money the ones that have become
unmarked because the reserved strips to
serial numbers in order to replace them
with fresh currency and Jack all thirty
million dollars of it before he gets
shredded and
Hoss in the garbage when its crew asked
him how he knows all about this and how
he knows how to plan this heist he
literally just says don't worry about it
homie what the fast-forward to another
series of cringy scenes with Butler
where he disrupts a dinner and then
disrupts another dinner and then he goes
to a gun range and then he sleeps with a
stripper who's actually Merriman's girl
in order to know where the heights is
going down and that's actually all part
of Merriman's plan which the thieves
start setting up the plan by having
O'Shea join Asian posts mates and drop
off a delivery at the Federal Reserve
but hide the second takeout in the
bathroom Friday eventually comes and
it's time to rob the Federal Reserve and
they end up at a Quicken Loans instead
so here's what's really happening
earlier in the movie the cops talk about
how the bad guys are actually former
military and are really good at sneaking
into tunnels and sewers and so the cops
don't mind checking the tunnels and
sewers the thieves plan is to Jack some
money from the Quicken Loans escape
through the sewer line use the empty
armored truck from the beginning of the
movie and then go make a drop-off at the
Federal Reserve that they forced a
manager to set up meanwhile Gerrard
still over at the Quicken Loans with all
of his crew thinking that they're
holding people hostage they go in to
make the drop-off cheddar Bob cuts the
power and get this within these little
money cubes that they're dropping off
all the money and they got O'Shay hiding
in there he gets out while the power's
out and takes the unmarked bills puts
them in bags and tosses him down the
garbage chute and then Zach and Cody's
himself out of the vault which makes you
question why he just didn't Zack & Cody
himself in he picks up the food delivery
he left days ago in the bathroom and
gives it to the lady who conveniently
ordered the same thing but like it's old
Asian food and then just magically walks
out like this place is known as being
the place that has never been robbed yet
it has a front door guard who goes yo
you never checked in come on bro okay at
this point
Butler finally gets what's happening he
rushes to the Federal Reserve and makes
it just in time to kidnap and beat
O'Shay take them and then have a Sicario
gun shootout with the remaining thieves
who all time they checked the back of
the SUV and it turns out that all the
bags that they had taken from the
garbage truck are all full of shredded
money and then they notice that all che
also escaped the truck while they were
having the shootout it's at this point
where one of the
this movie was clearly watching an old
Bryan Singer movie and decided to throw
in a little twist
when Butler goes back to O'Shea's bar to
search for him and he finds out that he
quits he also gets reminded about how
many people go there the people who
drive the armored trucks plumbers
electricians workers from the
quickenloans workers from the federal
reserve's cops and bad guys and how they
all talk a little bit too much when
they're tipsy but O'Shea was always
listening because he's actually the one
who comes up with the entire plan having
the bar be right outside the Federal
Reserve he was the one who actually
recruited Merriman who agreed to do it
only if he could pretend to be in charge
and OSHA pretends to be a helper so then
he can Keyser sze you the whole thing
at the end Butler gets got and we end
this movie in London where OSHA and his
buddy have moved to Nevada Bar battle
British accent and are scoping out a
jewelry store as their next heist but I
still can't get over him Zac encoding
those vents thank you guys for checking
out this video as always let me know
your thoughts on this movie did it work
for you did it not that I get a little
too crazy did it not make sense that we
saw scenes where he was pretending to
audition as a driver when he didn't have
to let me know your thoughts on this and
any other movies that you want me to
coverage is put it down below in the
comment section until next time don't
forget to comment like and subscribe and
I'll send you a bag of unmarked bills
you can use anywhere